---
_schema: default
title: 1.12.8
nav_title: 1.12.8
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4992
draft: false
---
Diode v1.12.8 was released on September 11, 2024.

* Features
  * Increase performance of large zones
  * Detect and repair broken bookmark connections
  * Made long file names more presentable
* Bug fixes
  * Present images in chat replies correctly
  * Display Zone Info icon only when the page is ready
  * Calculate total used entitlements
  * Minor
    * Updated billing server error message
    * Shorten profile icon user abbreviation
    * Shorten tooltip contents

## Increase performance of large zones

Zone that contain &gt;50 team were beginning to slow down for Owner members.  We've increased the performance of these Zones.

## Detect and repair broken bookmark connections

We added some capabilities to detect and repair broken bookmark connections.  Now, when the user clicks a bookmark, if the tunnel is not running, the app will attempt to repair the tunnel on the fly.  This should eliminate the need to restart the app to get bookmark connections back.

## Made long file names more presentable

We now use an ellipse to shorten file names that are very long.

## Fix: Present files in chat replies correctly

Replying to a message with a file or image preview now correctly presents a snippet/thumbnail of the original image or file preview.

## Fix: Display Zone info icon only when the About page is ready

In the past, the Zone info icon would sometimes show up for new users before the info / about page was actually sync'd.  This would show a blank page, which could be confusing.  Now, the info/about page icon is only shown when the content is ready.

## Fix: Calculate total used entitlements

We fixed how user entitlements were calculated - in the past, the remaining invitation codes were not correctly calculated.

## Other minor updates

A variety of presentation fixes were made to make billing-related messages more informative and to ensure that long text fields do not overflow.