---
_schema: default
title: 1.12.1
nav_title: 1.12.1
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4999
draft: true
---
Diode v1.12.1 was released on July ??, 2024.

* Features
  * Better team member stats
  * Enable invitation codes on free plans
  * Extend API with polling features
* Bug fixes
  * Re-enable About page on new Zone creation
  * Chat shows "File does not exist"

## Better team member stats

We've improved the stats you can see on other team members.  In the past, stats were limited to the online/offline state and the number/size of files they had.  We've added additional information, such as OS type and application version to stats so it is easier for IT support and Admins to help a team member who needs support.  Also, the stats shared are now persistent (cached) so you can see them even if the Team Member has gone offline.

You can find stats in each Team Member's Information page by clicking their name in the Team List or in any chat.

## Enable invitation codes on free plans

Based on popular demand, we have now enabled invitation codes (aka join codes) on free / Nomad plans.

## Extend API with polling features

The API has been extended to include channel team and message polling.  This allows a remotely connected integration to "catch up" with any messages it may have missed during any outages of the connected peer.

## Re-enable About page on new Zone creation

We pushed 1.12.0 out with a known bug wherein a brand new Zone would not auto-generate an About page.  This has been fixed.

## Chat shows "File does not exist"

There were two instances where a chat would show the sender that "File does not exist" for files the sender itself had sent.  Firstly, this would happen if the chat did not have any files yet in it.  Secondly, this would show up on any file added by a non-sync team member until the sender navigated away and then back to the chat again.