---
_schema: default
title: 1.12.2
nav_title: 1.12.2
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4998
draft: true
---
Diode v1.12.2 was released on July ??, 2024.

* Features
  * Automatically detect invite code in create Zone popup
  * Clarify signup error messages
* Bug fixes
  * Chat shows "File does not exist"
  * Always use selected chat when sharing a file
  * Clear selection checks after disabling a Zone

## Automatically detect invite code in create Zone popup

Some users accidentally enter an invite code in the "Create Zone" popup instead of in the "Join Zone" popup.  The app now detects this, and automatically attempts to join a zone with the invitation code.

## Clarify signup error messages

More detail has been added to errors during sign up.  For example, if a username of less than 8 characters is entered, a message detailing that issue is now shown instead of a general "Could not sign you up" message.

## Fix: Chat shows "File does not exist"

There were two instances where a chat would show the sender that "File does not exist" for files the sender itself had sent. Firstly, this would happen if the chat did not have any files yet in it. Secondly, this would show up on any file added by a non-sync team member until the sender navigated away and then back to the chat again.  This has been fixed so that the file preview is now shown immediately in the history for both cases.

## Fix: Always use selected chat when sharing a file

If the OS "share file" feature was used twice in a raw to share a file to a Zone's chat, the second time would use the previously selected chat, even if the default "#general" was shown in the selector.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Clear selection checks after disabling a Zone

After disabling/unlinking a Zone from the global Zone listing, the next Zone in the list would be selected.  The selection checks are now cleared after disabling a Zone.