---
_schema: default
title: 1.12.7
nav_title: 1.12.7
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4993
draft: false
---
Diode v1.12.7 was released on September 2, 2024.

* Features
  * Enable ZTN (Web3 regional tunnels) in free Zones
  * Add notation to profile Account Details showing the current device
  * Copy the file instead of moving it when using the OS share-file function
* Bug fixes
  * Open file in Diode on Windows and Linux
  * Device linking incorrect error message

## Enable ZTN (Web3 regional tunnels) in free Zones

Due to the increasing challenges with access websites securely in many world regions, we've decided to enable <a href="/docs/features/regional-tunnels/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Diode ZTN - Web3 regional tunnels</a> - in all free Zones.

This currently works on desktop operating systems that have the Brave Browser installed.  Android is being worked on.

## Add notation to profile Account Details page showing the current device

Sometimes an account will have many linked devices.  The Account Details page shows all the linked devices registered on the account.  That page nows shows "(This Device)" next to the linked device that you are viewing the page from.

## Copy the file instead of moving it when using the OS share-file function

In the past, when you right-clicked a file on Desktop and selected Open With Diode, the file you clicked would be moved into the Diode Zone you selected.  This was often not what was expected by the user.  So, now, it just copies the file to Zone you select.

## Fix: Open file in Diode on Windows and Linux

"Open With Diode" never worked correctly on Windows and Linux (iOS, Android, and Mac only).  It is now working on Windows and Linux!

## Fix: Device linking incorrect error message

When linking a new device, an error message would sometimes be incorrectly shown.  This has been fixed.