---
_schema: default
title: 1.13.7
nav_title: 1.13.7
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4983
draft: true
---
Diode v1.13.5 was released on October 18, 2024.

* Features
  * &nbsp;Android tunneling bookmark support
  * Auto re-direct to new Zone
  * New Zones appear at top
  * "Show address bar" bookmark setting
  * Show "Restarting" when switching profiles or updating the app
  * Allow changing member role even when other transactions are processing
  * Load exiting account if username is entered
  * Show better name validation when signing up
  * Doc link updates
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: Enable dismissing the "Zone Initializing" banner
  * Fix: Show error instead of silently failing on add invite code
  * Fix: Clear the "Your system is joining a zone" banner if the join code is invalid
  * Fix: Errors when viewing items in network area

## Android tunneling bookmark support

Android phones now support tunneled bookmarks (<a href="/docs/features/regional-tunnels/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Web3 and Web2 regional tunnels</a>)!

## Auto re-direct to new Zone

The system will now pop up a notification when it has successfully joined a Zone, allowing you to go to the new Zone or continue working.  This is helpful because the process of joining a Zone can sometimes take a couple of minutes and it is not always apparent when the process has completed.

## New Zones appear at top

When joining or adding a new Zone, the new Zone now appears at the top of the Zone selector bar. This is helpful when you begin to work with many Zones - in the past new Zones were placed at the bottom of the bar, sometimes making it difficult to quickly access to set it up or to join in the collaboration.

## "Show address bar" bookmark setting

There is a new checkbox to enable showing the browser's address bar when the user clicks a Bookmark.  In the past, Bookmarks would always default to opening the URL in a "full page" browser window.  Now, if the box is checked, it will open the URL in a "normal" window.  Any tab in that window will use the tunnel configured for the Bookmark.

## Show "Restarting" when switching profiles or updating the app

A "Restarting" splash screen is now shown when switching profiles or after clicking "Update" on the app. This is helpful, especially on mobile, because the restart process takes longer. On MacOS, the splash screen will probably not even be seen because the process is nearly instantaneous.

## Allow changing member role even when other transactions are processing

The app now allows an admin or owner to update member roles even when other transactions are processing.  This makes it much faster to modify roles and supports modifying many member roles one after the other if desired.

## Load exiting account if username is entered

If a user enters the username of an existing account into the Sign Up or Log In pages, the app will just load the existing account.  We have had a number of people get stuck when trying to use the multi-profile feature - they did not see the drop down selector on the Log In page to select their existing account, and many of them added Linked Devices or even re-entered their backup code to regain access to their account.  Those rabbit trails are now closed and if you want back into an existing account, there are many paths to allow for that.

## Show better name validation when signing up

The app now shows better feedback to the user when they are signing up.  In the past, for example, if the user typed a username that was too short, the app would just tell them to "try again".  Now, if the username is not accepted, the app tells the user specifically why the signup process didn't work.

## Doc link updates

The doc links in the app have been updated to the new https://docs.diode.io site.

## Fix: Enable dismissing the "Zone Initializing" banner

A user is now able to dismiss the <a href="/docs/faq/what-does-the-zone-initializing-banner-mean/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">"Zone Initializing" banner.</a>  There were a few instances reported of Zones that never automatically cleared the banner.  Usually this had to do with a Linked Device.  Now, the banner can be cleared manually by the user.

## Fix: Show error instead of silently failing on add invite code

When creating a new invite code, a stable network connection is required to register the code.  If the invitation code process failed, the initial code would seem to disappear.  What was really happening is the code failed to be registered.  Now, if this happens, an error will be displayed prompting you to try again.

## Fix: Clear the "Your system is joining a zone" banner if the join code is invalid

The system now double checks the progress of joining a zone and if it finds that the join code you've tried to use has become invalid (e.g. removed, expired, exhausted entitlements), then the banner will be removed.  In the past, the banner would continue to persist even when the join process failed due to an invalid code.

## Fix: Errors when viewing items in network area

There was a regression in the network area that caused an error when clicking on specific domains and contracts.  This has been resolved.