---
_schema: default
title: 1.13.2
nav_title: 1.13.2
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4988
draft: false
---
Diode v1.13.2 was released on October 03, 2024.

> **NOTE:** v1.13.2 has a known regression: in v.1.13.2 users cannot delete Bookmarks or Network Endpoints from the listing pages.  We released v.1.13.2 with this known regression in order to fix a critical issue in iOS builds that was disabling iOS applications that used multi-profile features.
>
> &nbsp;
>
> v.1.13.3 will be released on October 04, 2024 to fix this known regression.

* Features
  * Added search bars to Team and other areas
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: iOS issues with multi-profile and creating Zones
  * Fix: Ensure only one folder is created when joining a Zone

## Added search bars to Team and other areas

Search bars have been added in the Quick Access bar if the list exceeds 10 items.  Search bars have also been added to other listing pages: All Members, All Channels, All Links, All Bookmarks, All Endpoints, All Domains, and All Contracts.

There are some additional improvements to the search function that will be coming in the next release, including a bug fix that disables some items from being deleted (e.g. bookmarks and endpoints).

## Fix: iOS issues with multi-profile and creating Zones

The iOS app was broken in v1.13.1 due to the way that a feature released back in June doesn't support changing application base path.  When v.1.13.1 was released to the App Store, the updated applied by the App Store changed the app's base path, which revealed the earlier bug.  We have now fixed this in v.1.13.2 - anyone whose app was broken should update to v.1.13.2 from the App Store to fix their app.

## Fix: Ensure only one folder is created when joining a Zone

There was a race condition where multiple connection requests that arrived quickly from different Team Members after joining a new Zone would result in spawning more than one Zone folder.  We have introduced a lock on new Zone folder creation so that only a single active folder is spawned for each Zone.

##