---
_schema: default
title: 1.13.0
nav_title: 1.13.0
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4990
draft: true
---
Diode v1.13.0 was released on September 25, 2024.

* Features
  * Order team members by last chat message&nbsp;
  * "Notification Preferences" setting for mobile
  * Summarize team members in Zone settings
* Bug fixes
  * More robust loading of tunneling infrastructure
  * Reflect zone initialization correctly even if no other peers
  * Allow clicking links in tool tips
  * Log view for mobile
  * Other UI improvements

## Order team members by last chat message

Team members in the Quick Access bar, and other lists, are now listed by last-chat interaction first.  This is helpful, especially in large zones, to pick conversations back up.

## "Notification Preferences" setting for mobile

Mobile now has a "Notification Preferences" setting that allows you to configure, for each mobile device you have, whether to enable push notifications or not.  Push notifications are by default disabled on all devices.

Push notifications are in Beta, and are currently only supported on Android.  Additionally, a Play Store binary update to v.1.12.10 is required to enable push notifications.

## Summarize team members in Zone settings

The "Team Members" Zone settings item now shows the total number of members (of all roles) in parentheses.  The summary block will only show the names of the first 10 members - clicking the summary block will open the complete list.

## Fix: More robust loading of tunneling infrastructure

Web2 and Web3 tunnels could sometimes be disrupted on a device depending on the device resources or start up configurations, like PIN code being enabled.  In these cases, Web2 tunneled and Web3 bookmarks could be disrupted and not work reliably or at all.

A root cause of this issue has been fixed.

## Fix: Reflect zone initialization correctly even if no other peers

The "Initializing Zone" banner now uses the correct progress indication when there are no other peers in the Zone.  This is also fixed for Linked Devices.

## Fix: Allow clicking links in tool tips

Links in tool tips were not previously "hot links" - they were not able to be clicked.  Now clicking the links will launch your system browser to read about the topic.

## Fix: Log view for mobile

Mobile platforms using multi-profile would lose the ability to see log messages if the "delete log" action was used.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Other UI improvements

The following were also improved:

* Text overflows in tooltips
* PIN code entry spinner stays in same position when spinning
* Large space removed at top of file transfers page when banner showing