---
_schema: default
title: 1.13.6
nav_title: 1.13.6
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4984
draft: false
---
Diode v1.13.6 was released on October 22, 2024.

* Features
  * Add copy icon to Zone ID
  * Redirect to home when marking a message unread
  * Allow emojis in nicknames
  * Reduce markdown file preview size in chats
  * Expand Team search to nickname or username
  * Include community nodes in connection pool
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: Protect accidental zone folder deletion from erasing zone
  * Fix: Allow deleting a channel from its details page
  * Fix: Ensure join zone bar can disappear
  * Fix: Restore icons in channel listing page
  * Fix: Chat input blanks out when adding image
  * Fix: Tray icon menu text spacing
  * Fix: Editing chat mentions

## Add copy icon to Zone ID

The Zone Settings page now allows owners and admins to easily copy the Zone ID.

## Redirect to home when marking a message unread

The chat message "Mark unread" now redirects the main view to the Zone home when marking a message unread.  This helps with unintended clearing of the unread notification bubble.

## Allow emojis in nicknames

Yep

## Reduce markdown file preview size in chats

The size of the markdown file preview in chat messages, and in message replies, is now reduced.  This makes reading chat history easier.

## Expand Team search to nickname or username

Search in the All Members page now allows searching on either the nickname or the username.

## Include community nodes in connection pool

Community routing nodes are now included as candidates for E2EE communication.  If a community node is found that has better performance than Diode hosted nodes, the community node will be added to the connection pool and may be used for communication.

## Fix: Protect accidental zone folder deletion from erasing zone

The app now checks to see if the entire Zone folder was erased - if so, it does not propagate that as an intentional deletion.

## Fix: Allow deleting a channel from its details page

The "delete" icon was not working in the channel details page - that has been fixed.

## Fix: Ensure join zone bar can disappear

An edge case that kept the join zone banner showing has been fixed.

## Fix: Restore icons in channel listing page

The icons on the channel listing page were showing up as three dots "...".  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Chat input blanks out when adding image

When adding an image to the chat, the chat input box would blank out, requiring the user to click the chat DM/channel again to continue chatting.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Tray icon menu text spacing

The "Pause Network" text in the tray icon was indented - that has been fixed.

## Fix: Editing chat mentions

Edits to chat mentions would sometimes cause strange looking links to show up in the edited message.  That has been fixed.