---
_schema: default
title: 1.14.2
nav_title: 1.14.2
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4978
draft: false
---
Diode v1.14.2 was released on January 15, 2024.

* Features
  * Allow dragging multiple files into folder area
  * Show invites in Zone Selector bar
  * Show file sync setting in file transfers view
  * Add search to global zones page
  * Add search in private channel member selection
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: Improve global page load time
  * Fix: Improvements to Moonbeam transaction handling
  * Fix: Improve network connections via community nodes
  * Fix: Hide log sharing button if no zones exist
  * Fix: Links in file transfer view

## Allow dragging multiple files into folder area

You can now drag multiple files into the folder area.  Previously dragging files was limited to one file at a time.  Also, the maximum file size for drag/drop has been increased to 100MB per file.

## Show invites in Zone Selector bar

New invitations are now shown at the top of the Zone Selector bar as Zone icons.  When clicking the invitation icon, you can then choose to Ignore or Join the Zone.  If you ignore, the invitation will be added to your profiles "Ignored Invites" list.  If you Join, the Zone will initialize and you can participate!

This is a major improvement for invitation visibility.  In the past, invitations would be received in a global "Invites" page where they would often be missed by users.  Making invitations appear in the Zone Selector significantly increases their visibility.

## Show file sync setting in the file transfers view

The file transfers view now lists the Zone's sync setting - if it is not as desired, you can quickly access the sync setting to change it (if the Zone sync policy allows it).

## Add search to global Zones page

The global Zones listing page now has a search bar to help people with large numbers of Zones find the one they want to interact with.

## Add search to private channel member selection

The private chat member selection now has a search icon - this makes it easy to add specific team members to a private channel in large zones.

* Fix: Improve global page load time
* Fix: Improvements to Moonbeam transaction handling

## Fix: Improve global page load time

Large profiles (many zones, many members) were starting to see an impact on the load time of global pages (e.g. Profile home, global Zones).  We've sped up some of the operations-related lookups and have improved load time of these pages.

## Fix: Improvements to Moonbeam transaction handling

v.1.14.0 introduced Moonbeam anchored Zone credentials and has contained some bugs related to Moonbeam transaction handling and also related to mixed user identities.  We've fixed some related bugs to improve these edge cases.  This should result in improvements for any users who were having troubles with instantiating their username, joining a Zone, or adding members.

## Fix: Improve network connections via community nodes

As the number of community nodes has increased, the variability of the network quality has also increased.  We've improved network handling when your app is using a network node that may be unstable.

## Fix: Hide log sharing button if no zones exist

Although it was possible to click "share logs" in the Profile -&gt; Operations -&gt; Logs page, it would fail if the user hadn't yet created or joined a Zone.  We've made the "share logs" no longer available in this case.

## Fix: Links in file transfer view

Links to files in the file transfer view would sometimes be broken.  We have fixed that edge case and now linked files in the view work as expected.