---
_schema: default
title: 1.14.4
nav_title: 1.14.4
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4976
draft: false
---
Diode v1.14.4 was released on January 29, 2025.

* Features
  * Show check list while Zone is initializing
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: Select-all only selects visible items
  * Fix: Canister upload/download blocking
  * Fix: Additional drives registration cross-chain

## Show check list while Zone is initializing

When you join a new Zone a checklist is shown to give you visual updates on which elements are still initializing.  As before, the bottom "Zone Initializing" banner can always be dismissed if you want to just start using the Zone before it has fully initialized.

## Fix: Select-all only selects visible items

The table "select-all" checkboxes (e.g. All Members page) now only selects the items that are shown.

In the past, the select-all box would select all items no matter what the search filter had selected.  This introduced the possibility for unintentional data loss if the "delete" icon is clicked.  For example, if the term "new" was entered in the search box, the team list would only show the users with "new" in their usernames.  Then, if the select-all box was clicked, the team members with "new" in their names would be selected.  If the user then clicked "delete", the assumption was that only the visibly selected items would be deleted.  However, the bug was that when the select-all box was clicked actually ALL team members were selected and would be deleted.

## Fix: Canister upload/download blocking

The app is testing self-custody message forwarding using Dfinity canisters on select internal Zones, but the feature could sometimes delay the ability to enter a Zone.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Additional Zone registration cross-chain

Improvements have been made to how Zones are registered across supported blockchain environments.