---
_schema: default
title: 1.14.6
nav_title: 1.14.6
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4974
draft: false
---
Diode v1.14.6 was released on February 07, 2025.

* Features
  * File Sync: Off support
  * Show asset refresh progress
  * Improve file listing performance
  * Updates to About page wording

  Bug fixes
  * Fix: Improve blockchain registrations
  * Fix: Open up correct message when clicking notification
  * Fix: Set sync policy for Zone owners/admins
  * Fix: Recent emojis

## File Sync: Off support

A new file sync mode "Off" is now supported.  File sync mode can now be set to:

* 2 Way: Automatically upload and download new files, file changes, and file deletions
* Upload Only: Automatically upload new files and file changes, but download only on-demand.  File deletions cannot be initiated.
* Off: Download only on-demand.  No new files, changes, or deletions can be initiated.

If the Zone policy allows it, members can set their own sync mode.  Otherwise, the Zone's file sync policy will set the allowed mode for all members.  Zone admins and owners can always configure their sync mode as desired.

## Show asset refresh progress

A banner now appears when the app is getting new assets that will update the experience in the app.  The banner shows the progress in downloading the assets.

## Improve file listing performance

Zones running in Sync:Off or Sync:Upload-only now list remote file states much faster.

## Updates to About page wording

Minor textual updates were made to the About page.

## Fix: Improve blockchain registrations

A blockchain registration ordering issue was identified that was impacting certain new user accounts and new zone creations in periods of higher network traffic.  This resulted in some new users being unable to join zones.  The transaction ordering edge cases have been addressed.

## Fix: Open correct message when clicking on a notification

OS notifications now open the correct message in the app no matter if the notification is a desktop notification or a mobile in-app or push notification.

## Fix: Set sync policy for Zone owners/admins

There was a bug that did not allow Zone owners/admins to update the Zone's Sync Policy in certain situations.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Recent emojis

Certain new accounts were not able to use recent emojis.  This has been fixed.