---
_schema: default
title: 1.15.7
nav_title: 1.15.7
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4966
draft: false
---
Diode v1.15.7 was released on April 11, 2025.

* Features
  * Add network "unpause" banner
  * Search on ignored invites
  * Allow in-moderation roles to "reply"
* Bug fixes
  * Fix: Join zone progress
  * Fix: Zone publication improvements
  * Fix: Navigate to the invitation from the profile side bar red dot
  * Fix: Improve loading time of large zones
  * Fix: UI freeze after editing .md link

## Add network "unpause" banner

If the app has "paused network" from the system menu, a banner is now shown in the app that allows them to quickly unpause.  Before, sometimes users would pause and forget it was paused - that would make the app feel like it wasn't working.

## Search on ignored invites

The Ignored Invites page now has a search field

## Allow In-Moderation roles to reply

Users in the "In Moderation" role can now reply to messages in chat.

## Fix: Join Zone progress

Improvements were made to joining a Zone - both visual and functional.  In the past, if a zone setting was changed by an admin or owner who has departed the Zone, the join Zone page would never automatically disappear - it had to be manually dismissed.

## Fix: Zone publication improvements

Improvements were made to the Zone publication feature.  Now, for Zones with multiple Admins, the Discovery page content and invitation codes are synchronized correctly with all Admins and the Owner.

## Fix: Navigate to the invitation from the Profile side bar red dot

If a user was directly invited to a zone, a red dot would appear in the profile area side bar.  Click that would go to the ignored invitations page instead of the pending invitation.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Improve the loading time of large Zones

For Zones with &gt;100 members, it would take a number of seconds to enter the Zone.  This has been improved.

## Fix: UI freeze after editing link

The UI would freeze after editing a link in chat or in a .md file.  This has been fixed.