---
_schema: default
title: 1.15.0
nav_title: 1.15.0
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4973
draft: false
---
Diode v1.15.0 was released on February 11, 2025.

* Features
  * iOS push notifications
  * Show device details in file history

  Bug fixes
  * Fix: iOS stability improvements
  * Fix: iOS chat history image viewing
  * Fix: Don't show file deletion warning if in Upload Only sync mode
  * Fix: File upload improvements
  * Fix: Allow navigating to unsync'd file locations

## iOS Push Notifications

Push notifications are now supported in iOS!  To enable push notifications on iOS, see <a href="https://app.docs.diode.io/docs/using/enable-push-notifications/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">this article</a>.

iOS push notifications, like Android push notifications, are fully end-to-end encrypted.  Diode has implemented a "mini-app" that is responsible for decrypting push messages on the phone.  This means that your message details are not exposed to a custodial environment (e.g. Apple push servers).  Please <a href="https://app.docs.diode.io/docs/faq/how-do-notifications-impact-privacy/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">read here about privacy implications for push notifications</a>.

## Show device details in file history

The file information page's Version History log now shows the current user exactly which of their devices made a modification to a file.  Other users continue to only see which user made the change, and not the device details.

## Updates to About page wording

Minor textual updates were made to the About page.

## Fix: iOS stability improvements

Many improvements have been made to the stability of the iOS app.  In the past, the app would lock up frequently - particularly when returning from sleep.

## Fix: iOS chat history image viewing

Images are now viewable / clickable / openable in the chat history for iOS.

## Fix: Don't show file deletion warning if in Upload Only sync mode

Upload Only sync mode does not allow deletion of the actual file - it only deletes the current device's version of the file.  However, the app was incorrectly showing the user a warning indicating that the Zone's file would be deleted.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: File upload improvements

Uploading files was made more robust in both Upload Only and 2-Way sync modes.  For Sync-Off mode, upload was also improved for chat image/file uploads.

## Fix: Allow navigating to unsync'd file locations

File links in About pages and other markdown files now take the user to the file location, allowing them to sync the file on-demand if the device has not yet downloaded the file.

&nbsp;