---
_schema: default
title: 1.15.9
nav_title: 1.15.9
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4964
draft: false
---
Diode v1.15.9 was released on April 15, 2025.

* Features
  * Auto-publish community zones

## Auto-publish community zones

All new community zones created after April 1, 2025, if anchored on the Moonbeam network, will now be automatically published to Diode Collab's "Discover" page as soon as they have 3 or more team members.

This is an important part of helping community groups, ecosystems, and support desks to reach a wide audience and to make their Zones easy to discover.  The full Diode user ecosystem can become aware of their Zone, yet they can offer the best of security and privacy to those members they accept.

All published Zones use only an "In Moderation" role invitation code.  If someone joins the Zone, they will join as an "In Moderation" role - they have very limited permissions.  They can only: 1) chat with the owner, 2) view the About page, and 3) view specific files that are directly linked from the About page or from the Owner's direct messages.  They are not able to access files, see or interact with other members, or see or interact in chat channels.

When a new person joins, the Owner will get a message in the "New Users" channel alerting them that someone has joined.  If the Owner determines they are welcome, they can upgrade the person to a "Member" role.  If the Owner determines they are not welcome, they can remove the person.

In order to unpublish the Zone, it must be upgraded to a paid plan.