---
_schema: default
title: 1.16.0
nav_title: 1.16.0
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4963
draft: false
---
Diode v1.16.0 was released on April 15, 2025.

This is a major Diode Collab release that introduces on-disk message and profile encryption for desktop apps (Windows, Mac, Linux).  Please see features for more information.

* Features
  * Encryption for all profiles
  * Save About page drafts

## Encryption for all profiles

Upon installing or updating to 1.16.0, any profile that is created or opened will have its profile database, including messages and related information, encrypted on disk.

Additionally, this release introduces a single PIN for all profiles.  If you previously had a PIN set, that PIN will no longer be active and you will need to add a new encryption PIN.

If you have multiple profiles already on your system, un-opened profiles will not be encrypted until you use them.

All encrypted profiles now have a "Profile Moniker".  The Profile Moniker can be accessed in the Profile settings Device PIN area.  The Profile menu's Account switcher, the Log In page, and other on-disk artifacts now only show Profile Monikers.  By setting an appropriate Profile Moniker, you will be able to identify which profile you'd like to open, while not exposing the username of that profile in potentially observable environments. **NOTE:** If you don't see a "Profile Moniker" in your Device PIN area, that means your profile is not being encrypted - this could happen because you are on mobile or because you are not running 1.16.0.

It is important to remember that files added to public chats and directly to folders are not encrypted on disk.  These are still unencrypted so as to continue support file access by external applications.  However, files added to private chats and direct messages are encrypted on disk.  The only way to open these files is by opening them from within Diode Collab.

There are also additional physical security features in this release that may benefit your team - please contact Diode directly for more information.  These features, combined with the profile encryption, can greatly increase your team's information security in situations in which they may lose physical control of their devices - as can be common in war-torn, high crime, or other sensitive environments.

## Save About page drafts

Any work in progress on a Zone's About page is now saved in draft if it was not saved before navigating away from the page.  Upon returning to the page and clicking the "edit" icon, you will be asked whether you'd like to continue working on the draft.