---
_schema: default
title: 1.17.4
nav_title: 1.17.4
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4958
draft: false
---
Diode v1.17.4 was released on June 03, 2025.

* Features
  * Reflect role changes immediately
  * Keep temp files in the Zone folder (better support for large file syncs)
  * Update sign-out warning to reflect file deletion
  * Automatically change Bots to 2-way sync
  * Show banner upon Zone publication
  * Show file transfers in order of completion
  * Don't preselect destination when sharing logs
* Bug fixes
  * Zone join stalling on final files
  * Private chat select-all
  * iOS Unlink Zone
  * Invite modal and About page styles (mobile)
  * File sync policy difficult to set while file is syncing

## Reflect role changes immediately

Role changes are now reflected immediately to the Owner/Admin changing the role instead of waiting for the blockchain state to update.

## Keep temp files in the Zone folder (better support for large file syncs)

When files are being sync'd in a Zone, the system assembles "chunks" of files from various peers.  In the past, the temp file used for file assembly was located in the system temp directory.  This has now been moved to the relevant Zone folder in order to support large file syncs to systems with RAM filesystems or limited system file system size.

## Update sign-out warning to reflect file deletion

The Sign Out warning now includes an explicit warning about Zone files being removed upon Sign Out.

## Automatically change Bots to 2-way file sync

Bots are now automatically changed to 2-way sync mode so that headless systems are easier to manage.

## Show banner upon Zone publication

A banner is now shown to Zone Admins and Owners if their Zone is published to the Discovery page.

## Show file transfers in order of completion

File transfers are now shown in order of completion.  Previously, they were ordered based on Zone name, and then based on sync start time.

## Don't preselect destination when sharing logs

Log sharing (Profile -&gt; Operations) now requires the sender to always choose the Zone and destination instead of using the previously-used selections.

## Fix: Zone join stalling on final files

Sometimes, when many team members were online, a new user's Zone join process would not fully complete due to a race condition with many of the same small files being staged for sync from many different existing team members.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Private chat select-all team

The select-all box now works properly in the private chat team selection area.

## Fix: iOS Unlink Zone

iOS can now unlink a Zone.

## Fix: Invite modal and About page styles

The layout/styling of the Invite modal and About page has been updated for mobile.

## Fix: File sync policy difficult to set while file is syncing

The file sync policy and chat policy page was sometimes difficult to set an updated policy setting when a file was syncing.  This has been fixed.

&nbsp;