---
_schema: default
title: 1.17.3
nav_title: 1.17.3
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4959
draft: false
---
Diode v1.17.3 was released on May 24, 2025.

* Features
  * Don't autoaccept Zone invitations on a Linked Device
  * Allow non-synced folders to be opened in the OS finder/explorer
  * Updated translations
* Bug fixes
  * Role change error
  * File sync stall due to Zones with null members

## Don't autoaccept Zone invitations on a Linked Device

In the past, Linked Devices auto-accepted all Zones that were present on any other Linked Device.  Due to widespread requests, this has been changed so that Zones on other Linked Devices will only show as an unaccepted invitation on other devices.  This allows a person to easily curate which Zones they want on which devices.

## Allow non-synced folders to be opened in the OS finder/explorer

Folders can now be opened in the OS finder/explorer even if they don't exist yet on disk - as if often the case for upload-only or non-sync zones.

## Update translations

All translation files have been updated to include the most recent community contributions.

## Fix: Role change error

In certain circumstances, and error page would be shown when trying to change a person's role.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: File sync stall due to Zones with null members

Zones that had "null" members would stall file syncing since 1.17.0.  Null (empty) members are rare, but they can exist.  This has been fixed - null members are no longer used by the file sync process.

##

&nbsp;