---
_schema: default
title: 1.17.1
nav_title: 1.17.1
nav_section: Versions
weight: 4962
draft: false
---
Diode v1.17.1 was released on May 21, 2025.

It includes both 1.17.0 and 1.17.1 releases (1.17.0 was never released independently).  The features/bug fixes described below are therefore in a combination of 1.17.0 and 1.17.1.

This is a major release because of support for Oasis Sapphire Network, a privacy-preserving blockchain network.

* Features
  * Support for the Oasis Sapphire privacy-preserving network
  * Improve zone switch performance
  * Faster boot
  * Don't show preview for deleted files in chat
  * Speed up Discover page
  * Enforce character limit for usernames during signup
* Bug fixes
  * Restore task bar icon animations
  * Improve linked device add / remove
  * Update online status real time on chat pages
  * Fix intermittent transfer page error
  * Always use unique filenames for images pasted into chat
  * Fix blank page when delete key is pressed during PIN entry
  * Fix autosave content error
  * Fix intermittent error when configuring Bookmark exit nodes
  * Fix layout for long nicknames
  * Adjust layout for initializing checklist on mobile
  * Make sync buttons on unsynced chat files clickable on mobile

## Support for the Oasis Sapphire privacy-preserving network

All active identities are now available on  the Oasis Sapphire network.  This allows ZTNA-native app deployments to coordinate device access permissions for Diode Collab users.  Alpha UI for management at https://diode.io/ztna.

## Improve zone switch performance

The speed of switching between Zones, especially large Zones, has been improved.

## Faster boot

Boot up time has been dramatically improved on all platforms.

*NOTE:* although Android has also been somewhat improved, Android phones still take from four to ten seconds to open the app.  More work is in-progress on Android to speed up app load time.

In the past, the system tried to connect to all Zones and all Team Members at the same time, and would only fully open the system after everything was settled.  All of this is now done in the background and, if a Zone has a Bot role Team Member in it, it will just connect to the Bot initially.  Also, the last used Zone will be loaded first, followed by the visual listing order in the sidebar.

## Don't show preview for deleted files in chat

If a chat file has been deleted, instead of a big empty preview, a smaller "This file has been deleted" message is shown.

## Speed up Discover page

The Discover page now loads community cards much faster.

## Enforce character limit for usernames during signup

A 40 character limit is now used for usernames

## Fix: Restore task bar icon animations

The red dot (notification pending) and color cycling (file sync ongoing) on the task bar icon was broken. It has been fixed.

## Fix: Improve linked device add / remove

There was a bug that prevented some systems from removing Linked Devices due to a synchronization problem across the different blockchain networks.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Update online status real time on chat pages

Chat pages would sometimes show an incorrect online/offline status because their status was not being updated real time.  It now updates real-time.

## Fix: Intermittent transfer page error

Clicking on the file transfer icon would sometimes result in an error, depending on the app state.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Always use unique filenames for images pasted into chat

The first image pasted into a chat by a new user was not using a unique filename, thereby sometimes overwriting another first image that had been pasted by another user.  This has been fixed - now all files, including the first one, use unique filenames.

## Fix: Blank page when delete key is pressed during PIN entry

If the backspace key was used to erase a PIN entry, it would result in a blank page.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Autosave content error

There was a race condition that could break the Markdown File Editor autosave function if the autosave was activated near to the same time as content was pasted into the document.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Intermittent error when configuring Bookmark exit nodes

An error would sometimes occur when editing/configuring Bookmark exit nodes, depending on the Admin's file sync setting.  This has been fixed.

## Fix layout for long nicknames

Long nicknames now look much better on the different pages.

## Fix: Adjust layout for initializing checklist on mobile

Mobile systems would show the initializing checklist off-center of the page on some platforms.  This has been fixed.

## Fix: Make sync buttons on unsynced chat files clickable on mobile

Phone taps on unsync'd files in the chat history now register as a sync request.  In the past, a tap would sometimes sync files and sometimes not, depending on where the non-sync preview was tapped.

##

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;